Cleanups in Lua Api doc (#2438)
redis/redis-doc: docs/manual/programmability/lua-api.md

```

If and when `redis.call()` triggers a runtime exception, the raw exception is raised back to the user as an error, automatically.
Therefore, attempting to execute the following ephemeral script will fail and generate a runtime exception because `ECHO` accepts exactly one argument:

```lua
redis> EVAL "return redis.call('ECHO', 'Echo,', 'echo... ', 'eco... ', 'o...')" 0

> (error) ERR Wrong number of args calling Redis command from script script: b0345693f4b77517a711221050e76d24ae60b7f7, on @user_script:1.

Author: this change is due to https://github.com/redis/redis/pull/10329

Finally, before returning, it deletes the temporary key that stores the intersection of the two source sets.

In this case, only the new set with its five randomly-chosen elements needs to be replicated.

> Replicating the `SUNIONSTORE` command and the `DEL'ition` of the temporary key is unnecessary and wasteful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replicating the `SUNIONSTORE` command and the `DEL`ition of the temporary key is unnecessary and wasteful.
```
